Add information about embedded registry (#296)
rancher/rke2-docs: docs/install/registry_mirror.md

---
title: "Embedded Registry Mirror"
---

:::info Version Gate

> The Embedded Registry Mirror is available as an experimental feature as of January 2024 releases: v1.26.13+rke2r1, v1.27.10+rke2r1, v1.28.6+rke2r1, v1.29.1+rke2r1

Reviewer: We are going straight to GA with this feature. 
```suggestion
The Embedded Registry Mirror is available as of December 2024 releases: <INSERT VERSIONS>
```

Reviewer 2: Maybe available as of X, GA as of Y?

Author: Done

:::

RKE2 embeds [Spegel](https://github.com/spegel-org/spegel), a stateless distributed OCI registry mirror that allows peer-to-peer sharing of container images between nodes in a Kubernetes cluster. The distributed registry mirror is disabled by default. For RKE2 to leverage it, you must enable both the [Distributed OCI Registry Mirror](#enabling-the-distributed-oci-registry-mirror) and the [Registry mirroring](#enabling-registry-mirroring) as explained in the following subsections.

## Enabling The Distributed OCI Registry Mirror

In order to enable the embedded registry mirror, server nodes must be started with the `--embedded-registry` flag, or with `embedded-registry: true` in the configuration file.
This option enables the embedded mirror for use on all nodes in the cluster.

> When enabled at a cluster level, all nodes will host a local OCI registry on port 6443,

Reviewer: Double checking that this is true for RKE2, on port 6443?

Reviewer 2: It's on the supervisor port. So 9345 for rke2.

Author: Thanks
